Add outage (#139)
packit/status: content/issues/2024-04-11-outage.md

---
title: "Outage"
date: "2024-04-11T18:02:00+02:00"
affected:
  - Workers
  - Copr
  - Testing Farm
  - Koji
  - Bodhi
resolved: false
section: issue
severity: down
---

> Packit service workers are not working currently bacuse of the missing Redis image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packit service workers are not working currently because of missing Redis image.
```
